---

## Examples!

+++

### Drawover

* Built using Create React App
* Frontend-only application
* [Demo](http://mcmanning.github.io/drawover) | [Source](https://github.com/mcmanning/drawover)

Note:
- gh-pages branch contains the static bundle that's generated by CRA
- `src/index.js` is your basic entry point, loads App as well as a service worker that'll load the application from local storage if exists, rather than downloading the bundle again (performance improvement for often-accessed applications)
- `src/App.js` render has all the components that we have tied together. Point out the TimeSlider, RangeSlider, and Playback against the actual UI.
- `src/App.js` render also has some components that are behavior based and don't render themselves - such as Transform and WorkerPool.
- `TimeSlider.js` - how it renders things out, initializes and configures an instance of noUiSlider non-React component in `componentDidMount`
- `Transform.js` - A component that doesn't necessarily render anything itself, it just controls a set of children and applies a uniform set of properties (`translate`, `scale`, `rotate`) to all of them simultaneously. Basically how we ensure that the drawing layers transform together with the video source.

+++

### Reactive IRB

* Built using our Gulpfile + UI framework
* Exposes Propel models as JSON-API endpoints
* [Demo](https://orwebdev02.rf.ohio-state.edu/reactive-irb/) | [Source](https://code.osu.edu/ORIS/reactive-irb)

Note:
- Look at `index.php`, `template.php`, and `routes/api.php` to get an idea of how PHP code is structured.
- `docs/Backend Architecture.md` - how everything is architecturally documented as we go along.
- `js/index.js` - React equivalents to our common layout stuff (Navbar, Footer, Profile link, etc)
- Loook at `components/OSUNavbar.js` and note that a component doesn't have to be "smart" - it can just be static DOM. But we encapsulate that static DOM.
- `initial-submission/ParticipantPopulation.js` - note `FormGuide` provides the top level form instructions, each `Field` contains a set of inner components. Certain fields are conditionally wrapped by properties (e.g. `!!props.hasStudents`). At the bottom we provide a list of Propel models that are bound to the form - and these are automatically grabbed from the API via AsFormPage.
- `js/components/FormFields.js`, specifically the `Multiline` component and how it consumes FormStateContext to render different things. Also look at `Instructions` and note how the same component can be used in different semantics - e.g. HTML5 semantics requires it to be a legend for a radioset, otherwise it's a label.
- `js/components/Lookup.js` - Example of how you can wrap a jQuery plugin. This one has gone all out and wrapped every setting and event for the ORIS Lookup as a React Lookup. Also note the level of documentation for each property - and how all components should be documented at this level of granularity.

